## Project 2 Readme

The generative code was built on the variability of arcs where I used 6 input parameters for location x/y, width, height, arc start, and arc stop. I used the positions in the grid structure to increase the arcs drawn per grid space with global variables for arc diameter and a modifier for arcs drawn per grid space. While I like the generative outcomes produced by my code, I really got into the modifications that could be made in the plotting process and did various exploratory plot tests on a single sheet before doing the final works. I detached the top screw on the pen holder so I could rotate it to an angle that would allow the broad chisel tip markers to sit flat on the page producing a wider line. I used a light grey for this pass to get varied shades of grey where the chisel tip strokes overlapped with other arcs. This also increases the visual gradient from the light low lines zone to the darker denser arcs at the bottom. I wanted more definition to the work overall so I did some testing with fine-tip pens. On my test sheet, I accidentally placed the black fine-tip pen so it was always contacting the paper resulting in the travel lines being plotted as well, but quickly corrected it in my testing. I also tested the light gray fine-tip pen to provide subtle emphasis over the broader light gray strokes. There was a lot of fine-tuning the starting position of the pen when switching from the chisel tip to the fine tip as they contacted the paper in slightly different locations and I didn't necessarily want a perfect overlap.


My final plots were implemented as such. Plot1: grey broad tip plot, black fine line plot with travels drawn. Plot2: grey broad tip plot, gray fine line plot (plotted 3 times to darken the gray lines). Plot3: black fine line plot with travels drawn, gray fine line plot with travels drawn and offset.


I enjoyed the physical design loop I engaged in with the plotter and the broad divergence from the designs possible through changes in physical machine setup and pen choice. The manifestations of physical changes also are my favorite parts of the works, with the travels especially standing out to me. After completing the first two plots I decided to do one more so I could tune the size of the grid and create a piece that better emphasized the travel lines. Plot 3 is by far my favorite as the travel lines bring a beautiful new dimension to the array of arcs that I didn't think abot implementing in my code at all.
